README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

feat: enhance README with MVP and tech stack details;

README.md, after:

# Nim Catering

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## MVP

Nim Catering is a platform designed to streamline the catering process for events. Our MVP includes features such as:

- User authentication and authorization
- Event creation and management
- Menu selection and customization
- Order tracking and management
- Admin dashboard for managing users and orders

## Tech Stack

- **Framework**: [Next.js](https://nextjs.org)
- **Styling**: [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com)
- **Database**: [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org) with [Prisma](https://www.prisma.io)
- **Authentication**: [Clerk](https://clerk.dev)
- **Icons**: [Lucide](https://lucide.dev)
- **State Management**: [React Query](https://react-query.tanstack.com)
- **Linting and Formatting**: [ESLint](https://eslint.org) and [Prettier](https://prettier.io)
- **Deployment**: [Vercel](https://vercel.com)

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
